[SYCL] Disable inlining kernel lambda operator at -O0 (#7578)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/UsersManual.md

  Enables/Disables inlining of the kernel lambda operator into the compiler
  generated entry point function. This flag does not apply to ESIMD
  kernels.

>   Enabled by default; disabled when optimizations are disabled (-O0 or
>   equivalent).

Reviewer: As far as I remember clang has -O0 by default?

```suggestion
  Disabled when optimizations are disabled (-O0 or
  equivalent). Enabled otherwise.
```

Author: Done, thanks.
